# Meeting Notes 17_10_2022

Attendees: Deniz, Brendan, Louis, and Miguel
Time: 14:00-15:00

## Scope

- outline the desired outcomes of the project, organized by major submodules
- delegate submodules to group members
- set goals on what we want to implement by when

## Project Broken Down by Desired Skills in Order of Task Completion

1. Orient the whiteboard in space
2. Erase the whiteboard (first starting with all non white markings, and then implement specific characters)

## Orientation of whiteboard

This aspect of the project deals with moving the whiteboard to a suitable location to be erased. A user should be able to place the whiteboard in a skewed orientation in front of the robot, and have the robot move the board to an easier location to erase the characters. The robot should also be able to move the whiteboard in the case that it cannot reach the entire surface during erasing. 

### Control Elements
1. Understand when the task can start (ie, when can the robot start interacting with the whiteboard?)
2. Once the desired grasp location is known, how do we move the arms to that location and orient it with respect to the edge?
3. How do we initiate a grasp sequence? What grasping hardware do we need? How do we know that a grasp has been successful?
4. When we know that we are holding the whiteboard, control of the multi arm system to move the whiteboard to the desired location. 

### Perception Elements
1. Understand when the whiteboard is in the frame?
2. Extract the desired grasp locations, or "graspable" features from the whiteboard images.
3. Transform those features to a desired location and pose for the gripper.
4. Understand when the whiteboard is in the desired final location.

## Erasing the Whiteboard

### Control Elements
1. Grasping the sponge to erase the whiteboard (how to grasp, and how to know we are successful?
2. Applying the correct force to the normal surface of the whiteboard to ensure that the sponge is always in contact, but is still able to move to the left and right. 
3. Monitors so that at any time a human can regain control of the system. This could be implemented by the human applying a force to the robot, or visually, when the camera detects a human in the frame. Robot should signal that it is ready to hand off control to the human. 
4. While erasing with one arm, using the other arm to stabilize the whiteboard. 

### Perception Elements
1. Spotting dirty areas on the whiteboard, and prioritizing the ones to erase first.
2. Confirming that a dirty area has been erased.
3. Distinguishing characters from each other, if we only want to erase parts of words or spelling mistakes.
4. Understand spacing between letters and be able to separate words.

## General Advice

1. Think of a way a human would accomplish a task and try to implement it that way
2. Do not increase complexity as a goal in itself. Allow the complexity to come from trying to make the task robust with minimal sensing

## Action Items (By Wednesday, October 27th)

### Perception (Miguel and Deniz)

- localize a whiteboard in 6D
- determine the graspable regions

### Control (Louis and Brendan)

- learn iiwa_aacal code
- control iiwa in different modes (position, joint torque, cartesian impedance)
- follow a trajectory in 2D while applying a normal force on a flat surface perpendicular to that trajectory. 

### Admin

- start outlining system design for presentation (due Nov. 4th)
- schedule a presentation time and date
